sigs: add Framework SIG, remove Catalog SIG (#138)
backstage/community: sigs/sig-framework/README.md

# SIG Framework

The Framework Special Interest Group (SIG) is an open space to discuss the
enhancements proposed by the community that aim to improve the Backstage
framework.

## Scope

Framework SIG covers all aspects of the systems and components related to the
Backstage core framework. This includes the frontend system, backend system, and
build tooling. In addition, the Software Catalog and the System Entity Model are
also covered by this SIG, due to their central role in Backstage.

## Meetings

> SIG Framework (biweekly), at 16.00 hours on Tuesdays (4 pm) Europe/Stockholm

Reviewer: Biweekly, starting on what date?

Author: Same as the current catalog SIG, alternating with the community plugins SIG. Next one is on June 11th

Reviewer: Thanks, I also noticed you have a Google calendar :) Carry on!

- [Video Meeting Link](https://meet.google.com/gge-nvsb-dxa)
- [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q6wavWvX6byPlO2q7KjD7CvGzZknHWQrqk8Q9il2T3I) -
  Suggest topics for the next meeting here
- See the
  [Backstage Community sessions](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19xdXA5Z2JobjlzcXB1YW82dHJ0dGQ4bWs1c0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
  Google Calendar for upcoming meetings.

### Facilitators

The Framework SIG meetings are facilitated by a member of the Backstage
maintainers team. Members of the Backstage community may also be appointed as
facilitators for individual meetings.

### Content

Any member of the Backstage community can bring a topic to the SIG Framework
meeting. To do so, please add your name and the topic to the
[meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q6wavWvX6byPlO2q7KjD7CvGzZknHWQrqk8Q9il2T3I).
There is also an opportunity to add topics during the meeting itself. The
discussion for each topic is time-boxed with a time check every 5 minutes to
decide whether to extend the discussion or move on to the next topic.

After all topics have been discussed, and if there is time left, the meeting

> moves on to discuss open Pull Request (PR) in the Backstage repository. This is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
moves on to discuss open Pull Requests (PRs) in the Backstage repository. This is
```
